[Examples and Tests] Tick Single Cluster (#19)
gruntwork-io/terraform-aws-influx: examples/tick-single-cluster/README.md

# TICK Single Cluster Example

This folder shows an example of Terraform code that uses the
[tick-cluster](https://github.com/gruntwork-io/terraform-aws-influx/tree/master/modules/tick-cluster) 
module to deploy a [TICK stack](https://www.influxdata.com/time-series-platform/) cluster in [AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/).

This example also deploys a Load Balancer in front of the TICK cluster using the [load-balancer
module](https://github.com/gruntwork-io/terraform-aws-influx/tree/master/modules/load-balancer).

You will need to create an [Amazon Machine Image (AMI)](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/AMIs.html) 
that has all components of the TICK stack installed, which you can do using the [tick-ami 
example](https://github.com/gruntwork-io/terraform-aws-influx/tree/master/examples/tick-ami)). 

To see an example of TICK deployed across separate clusters, see the [tick-multi-cluster
example](https://github.com/gruntwork-io/terraform-aws-influx/blob/master/examples/tick-multi-cluster).

> ## What resources are does this example deploy?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## What resources does this example deploy?
```

1. A single _all in one server_ behind an ASG where we run 
    [telegraf](/modules/run-telegraf), [influxdb](/modules/run-influxdb),
    [chronograf](/modules/run-chronograf) and [kapacitor](/modules/run-kapacitor)
1. An [Application Load Balancer](https://github.com/gruntwork-io/module-load-balancer)

You will need to create [Amazon Machine Images (AMIs)](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/AMIs.html) 

> that have all of the ELK components installed. You can do this using: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that have all of the TICK-stack components installed. You can do this using: 
```
?
